c:\users\aleksey_karmaz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\File system viewer\FileSystemViewer.DependencyResolver\bin\Debug\FileSystemViewer.DependencyResolver.dll.config
c:\users\aleksey_karmaz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\File system viewer\FileSystemViewer.DependencyResolver\bin\Debug\FileSystemViewer.DependencyResolver.dll
c:\users\aleksey_karmaz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\File system viewer\FileSystemViewer.DependencyResolver\bin\Debug\FileSystemViewer.DependencyResolver.pdb
c:\users\aleksey_karmaz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\File system viewer\FileSystemViewer.DependencyResolver\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\aleksey_karmaz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\File system viewer\FileSystemViewer.DependencyResolver\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\aleksey_karmaz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\File system viewer\FileSystemViewer.DependencyResolver\bin\Debug\FileSystemViewer.BLL.dll
c:\users\aleksey_karmaz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\File system viewer\FileSystemViewer.DependencyResolver\bin\Debug\FileSystemViewer.BLL.Interface.dll
c:\users\aleksey_karmaz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\File system viewer\FileSystemViewer.DependencyResolver\bin\Debug\FileSystemViewer.DAL.dll
c:\users\aleksey_karmaz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\File system viewer\FileSystemViewer.DependencyResolver\bin\Debug\FileSystemViewer.DAL.Interface.dll
c:\users\aleksey_karmaz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\File system viewer\FileSystemViewer.DependencyResolver\bin\Debug\FileSystemViewer.ORM.dll
c:\users\aleksey_karmaz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\File system viewer\FileSystemViewer.DependencyResolver\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
c:\users\aleksey_karmaz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\File system viewer\FileSystemViewer.DependencyResolver\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Configuration.dll
c:\users\aleksey_karmaz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\File system viewer\FileSystemViewer.DependencyResolver\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.dll
c:\users\aleksey_karmaz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\File system viewer\FileSystemViewer.DependencyResolver\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.RegistrationByConvention.dll
c:\users\aleksey_karmaz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\File system viewer\FileSystemViewer.DependencyResolver\bin\Debug\FileSystemViewer.BLL.Interface.pdb
c:\users\aleksey_karmaz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\File system viewer\FileSystemViewer.DependencyResolver\bin\Debug\FileSystemViewer.BLL.pdb
c:\users\aleksey_karmaz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\File system viewer\FileSystemViewer.DependencyResolver\bin\Debug\FileSystemViewer.DAL.Interface.pdb
c:\users\aleksey_karmaz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\File system viewer\FileSystemViewer.DependencyResolver\bin\Debug\FileSystemViewer.DAL.pdb
c:\users\aleksey_karmaz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\File system viewer\FileSystemViewer.DependencyResolver\bin\Debug\FileSystemViewer.ORM.pdb
c:\users\aleksey_karmaz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\File system viewer\FileSystemViewer.DependencyResolver\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\aleksey_karmaz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\File system viewer\FileSystemViewer.DependencyResolver\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\aleksey_karmaz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\File system viewer\FileSystemViewer.DependencyResolver\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
c:\users\aleksey_karmaz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\File system viewer\FileSystemViewer.DependencyResolver\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
c:\users\aleksey_karmaz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\File system viewer\FileSystemViewer.DependencyResolver\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.xml
c:\users\aleksey_karmaz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\File system viewer\FileSystemViewer.DependencyResolver\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Configuration.xml
c:\users\aleksey_karmaz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\File system viewer\FileSystemViewer.DependencyResolver\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.RegistrationByConvention.xml
c:\users\aleksey_karmaz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\File system viewer\FileSystemViewer.DependencyResolver\obj\Debug\FileSystemViewer.DependencyResolverModule.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\aleksey_karmaz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\File system viewer\FileSystemViewer.DependencyResolver\obj\Debug\FileSystemViewer.DependencyResolver.dll
c:\users\aleksey_karmaz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\File system viewer\FileSystemViewer.DependencyResolver\obj\Debug\FileSystemViewer.DependencyResolver.pdb
