c:\users\aleksey_karmaz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\File system viewer\FileSystemViewer.PLMVC\bin\FileSystemViewer.PLMVC.dll.config
c:\users\aleksey_karmaz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\File system viewer\FileSystemViewer.PLMVC\bin\FileSystemViewer.PLMVC.dll
c:\users\aleksey_karmaz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\File system viewer\FileSystemViewer.PLMVC\bin\FileSystemViewer.PLMVC.pdb
c:\users\aleksey_karmaz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\File system viewer\FileSystemViewer.PLMVC\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\aleksey_karmaz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\File system viewer\FileSystemViewer.PLMVC\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\aleksey_karmaz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\File system viewer\FileSystemViewer.PLMVC\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\aleksey_karmaz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\File system viewer\FileSystemViewer.PLMVC\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\aleksey_karmaz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\File system viewer\FileSystemViewer.PLMVC\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
c:\users\aleksey_karmaz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\File system viewer\FileSystemViewer.PLMVC\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
c:\users\aleksey_karmaz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\File system viewer\FileSystemViewer.PLMVC\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\aleksey_karmaz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\File system viewer\FileSystemViewer.PLMVC\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
c:\users\aleksey_karmaz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\File system viewer\FileSystemViewer.PLMVC\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\aleksey_karmaz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\File system viewer\FileSystemViewer.PLMVC\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
c:\users\aleksey_karmaz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\File system viewer\FileSystemViewer.PLMVC\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\aleksey_karmaz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\File system viewer\FileSystemViewer.PLMVC\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\aleksey_karmaz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\File system viewer\FileSystemViewer.PLMVC\obj\Debug\FileSystemViewer.PLMVC.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\aleksey_karmaz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\File system viewer\FileSystemViewer.PLMVC\obj\Debug\FileSystemViewer.PLMVC.dll
c:\users\aleksey_karmaz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\File system viewer\FileSystemViewer.PLMVC\obj\Debug\FileSystemViewer.PLMVC.pdb
c:\users\aleksey_karmaz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\File system viewer\FileSystemViewer.PLMVC\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\aleksey_karmaz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\File system viewer\FileSystemViewer.PLMVC\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\aleksey_karmaz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\File system viewer\FileSystemViewer.PLMVC\bin\FileSystemViewer.BLL.Interface.dll
c:\users\aleksey_karmaz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\File system viewer\FileSystemViewer.PLMVC\bin\FileSystemViewer.DependencyResolver.dll
c:\users\aleksey_karmaz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\File system viewer\FileSystemViewer.PLMVC\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.dll
c:\users\aleksey_karmaz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\File system viewer\FileSystemViewer.PLMVC\bin\FileSystemViewer.DAL.Interface.dll
c:\users\aleksey_karmaz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\File system viewer\FileSystemViewer.PLMVC\bin\FileSystemViewer.DAL.dll
c:\users\aleksey_karmaz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\File system viewer\FileSystemViewer.PLMVC\bin\FileSystemViewer.ORM.dll
c:\users\aleksey_karmaz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\File system viewer\FileSystemViewer.PLMVC\bin\FileSystemViewer.BLL.dll
c:\users\aleksey_karmaz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\File system viewer\FileSystemViewer.PLMVC\bin\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
c:\users\aleksey_karmaz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\File system viewer\FileSystemViewer.PLMVC\bin\FileSystemViewer.BLL.Interface.pdb
c:\users\aleksey_karmaz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\File system viewer\FileSystemViewer.PLMVC\bin\FileSystemViewer.DependencyResolver.pdb
c:\users\aleksey_karmaz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\File system viewer\FileSystemViewer.PLMVC\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\aleksey_karmaz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\File system viewer\FileSystemViewer.PLMVC\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\aleksey_karmaz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\File system viewer\FileSystemViewer.PLMVC\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.xml
c:\users\aleksey_karmaz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\File system viewer\FileSystemViewer.PLMVC\bin\FileSystemViewer.DAL.Interface.pdb
c:\users\aleksey_karmaz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\File system viewer\FileSystemViewer.PLMVC\bin\FileSystemViewer.DAL.pdb
c:\users\aleksey_karmaz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\File system viewer\FileSystemViewer.PLMVC\bin\FileSystemViewer.ORM.pdb
c:\users\aleksey_karmaz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\File system viewer\FileSystemViewer.PLMVC\bin\FileSystemViewer.BLL.pdb
c:\users\aleksey_karmaz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\File system viewer\FileSystemViewer.PLMVC\bin\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
c:\users\aleksey_karmaz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\File system viewer\FileSystemViewer.PLMVC\bin\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
c:\users\aleksey_karmaz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\File system viewer\FileSystemViewer.PLMVC\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Configuration.dll
c:\users\aleksey_karmaz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\File system viewer\FileSystemViewer.PLMVC\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.RegistrationByConvention.dll
c:\users\aleksey_karmaz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\File system viewer\FileSystemViewer.PLMVC\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Configuration.xml
c:\users\aleksey_karmaz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\File system viewer\FileSystemViewer.PLMVC\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.RegistrationByConvention.xml
c:\users\aleksey_karmaz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\File system viewer\FileSystemViewer.PLMVC\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Mvc.dll
c:\users\aleksey_karmaz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\File system viewer\FileSystemViewer.PLMVC\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
c:\users\aleksey_karmaz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\File system viewer\FileSystemViewer.PLMVC\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Aleksey_Karmaz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\File system viewer\FileSystemViewer.PLMVC\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\Aleksey_Karmaz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\File system viewer\FileSystemViewer.PLMVC\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Aleksey_Karmaz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\File system viewer\FileSystemViewer.PLMVC\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\Aleksey_Karmaz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\File system viewer\FileSystemViewer.PLMVC\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\Aleksey_Karmaz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\File system viewer\FileSystemViewer.PLMVC\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\Aleksey_Karmaz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\File system viewer\FileSystemViewer.PLMVC\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Aleksey_Karmaz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\File system viewer\FileSystemViewer.PLMVC\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\Aleksey_Karmaz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\File system viewer\FileSystemViewer.PLMVC\bin\Castle.Core.dll
C:\Users\Aleksey_Karmaz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\File system viewer\FileSystemViewer.PLMVC\bin\Moq.dll
C:\Users\Aleksey_Karmaz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\File system viewer\FileSystemViewer.PLMVC\bin\Castle.Core.xml
C:\Users\Aleksey_Karmaz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\File system viewer\FileSystemViewer.PLMVC\bin\Moq.pdb
C:\Users\Aleksey_Karmaz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\File system viewer\FileSystemViewer.PLMVC\bin\Moq.xml
